c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\bin\visualstudiodev.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\bin\visualstudiodev.pdb
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\bin\visualstudiodev.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\obj\Debug\visualstudiodev.Resources.resources
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\obj\Debug\visualstudiodev.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\obj\Debug\visualstudiodev.dll
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\obj\Debug\visualstudiodev.xml
c:\users\user\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\obj\Debug\visualstudiodev.pdb
C:\Users\User\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\visualstudiodev\visualstudiodev\obj\Debug\visualstudiodev.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
